And The Last Lecture we create at this very basic view chess application we took control over this staff
and output some of our data.
Now when I say take control you could believe that in the actual dorm which is parsed by the browser
we still have this HDMI code and view chaced dynamically exchange is this.
This is not the case.
If we open up the developer tools and we inspectors name your U.S. then we have Dave with the IDF but
the curly braces part is gone entirely.
Now that's important to understand.
The just takes control over this part but then it can work to Javascript.
So what happens is this page does HD page with this javascript code being part of it is served to the
client on the client.
Javascript now runs and the first thing which runs is our view Chesed code gets executed in this code
view chess recognizes that we want to take this section of the H HTML code as a template.
So what it does is it reads this part of D.H. G-mail page and turns it into javascript you could say
it creates its own word should dawn.
So Dawn which doesn't really exist in the browser but in javascript.
Now the reason for this is that javascript is much faster to be accessed than the real dawn.
As a nextstep you chase paresis does were chilled Dom for commands that recognizes like to double the
braces syntax which simply is a syntax built into view chase and replaces it appropriately.
So here it parses stairs sees that name as a valid data property and therefore outputs the actual name.
It then renderers is updated word shilled on as our real Daun does is what happens in a.
At the point of time as EPS starts.
Which is why we just see the text your you chested everything behind the scenes.